Sir, not including you.
What do I do?
He can forgive me
Mommy, we talked about it
I want to continue to be by your side in the future
And they said yes.
Really? As the father of the child
These years have been my dereliction of duty
You are still the guardian of Erbao
30 million in this card
It's a little thought from me.
As child support?
Me, too!
This is the real estate certificate of the three villas by the river
This is hey
Stop, stop, stop, I've got your heart
It really doesn't cost that much to raise children
Besides, you've already given me 1 million
As the surgery fee for the four guarantees.
I already appreciate you
Miss Xia
Your kindness to us is endless
Is that so?
No matter what difficulties you encounter in the future
All three of us are responsible
Yeah. Huh?
The last time I suggested you join the CN Group
Have you thought about it?
Piggy, I admire you very much.
Happy cooperation
I said yes.
Why can they all pick up?
Only I can't
Four treasures, can you let Dad compete?
Where is Daddy?